feat!: add helmfile-sops custom plugin installation (#51)
camptocamp/devops-stack-module-argocd: README.adoc

NOTE: By default, this module has a `policy.csv` that is configured to give administrator access to any user belonging to the groups `argocd-admin` or `devops-stack-admins`.

== Custom Plugins

This module installs two custom plugins:

1. "kustomized-helm" is just a combination of Kustomize and Helm that allows using Helm charts and then applying Kustomize overrides to the result.

> 2. "helmfile-sops" adds support for Helmfile managed applications, and integrates the support for SOPS. This is a custom plugin developped by Camptocamp: https://github.com/camptocamp/docker-argocd-cmp-helmfile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. "helmfile-sops" adds support for Helmfile managed applications, and integrates the support for https://github.com/mozilla/sops[SOPS]. This is a custom plugin developed by Camptocamp (source code available https://github.com/camptocamp/docker-argocd-cmp-helmfile[here]).
```

> NOTE: When using SOPS, you will want to give it access to an external secrets management or encryption service. For this, you an attach an AWS IAM role to the argocd-repo-server ServiceAccount or an Azzre AAD Pod Identity using the variables `repo_server_iam_role_arn` or `repo_server_aadpodidbinding`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: When using SOPS, you will want to give it access to an external secrets management or encryption service. For this, you an attach an AWS IAM role to the argocd-repo-server ServiceAccount or an Azure AAD Pod Identity using the variables `repo_server_iam_role_arn` or `repo_server_aadpodidbinding`.
```
